Disk provisioning types vmware (#187)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/service_offerings.rst

      system VM is running. Shared allocates from storage accessible via
      NFS.

   -  **Provisioning type**: The type of disk that should be allocated.
      Valid values are thin, sparse, fat. When using the VMWare hypervisor,

>       these values map as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      these values are mapped to the following vSphere disk provisioning types:

-  **thin** - **Thin Provision**
- **sparse** - **Thick Provision Lazy Zeroed**
- **fat** -  **Thick Provision Eager Zeroed**
```

      -  **Thin** - **Thin**.
      -  **Sparse** - **Thick provisioned lazily zeroed**.
      -  **Fat** -  **Thick provisioned eagerly zeroed**.
      

>       The disk provisioning type strictness on VMWare iscontrolled with the zone level setting - **disk.provisioning.type.strictness**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The disk provisioning type strictness on VMWare is controlled with the zone level setting - **disk.provisioning.type.strictness**
```

> 

Reviewer: white space not required, as this stmt is related to the setting.

Author: Done

   -  **Disk Size**: Appears only if Custom Disk Size is not selected.
      Define the volume size in GB (2^30 1GB = 1,073,741,824 Bytes).

   -  **Provisioning type**: The type of disk that should be allocated.
      Valid values are thin, sparse, fat. When using the VMWare hypervisor,

>       these values map as follows:

Reviewer: same suggestion as above

Author: Done

      -  **Thin** - **Thin**.
      -  **Sparse** - **Thick provisioned lazily zeroed**.
      -  **Fat** -  **Thick provisioned eagerly zeroed**.
      

>       The disk provisioning type strictness on VMWare iscontrolled with the zone level setting - **disk.provisioning.type.strictness**

Reviewer: check if this is redundant

Author: Done
